Learning more command line tools would be super cool. Particularly learning how 
to script so that I can automate my workflow.
 
 Bash Is Magic # No It’s Not Presented by Dwayne McDaniel 

 When leveling up as a developer, one 
of the most intimidating aspects often is using the command line interface, or CLI. In fact, it 
might seem downright terrifying. The reality is: If you can type, you can use the command line.  
Every senior level developer will remember a time when they got overwhelmed by opening the 
terminal. Those same people will tell you this is one of the most important capabilities they 
acquired.  For Mac and Linux users your command line interface is Bash. Windows users can also 
use this tooling, so Bash can unlock the true potential of any machine. Besides gaining more 
control of your device, Bash lets you leverage hundreds of power tools like WP-CLI, Drush, npm, 
composer, and Behat, to name a few.  Leave this session understanding – A brief history of the 
command line – The basic commands for manipulating your files and folders – An overview of 
tools that are only available through the command line – The basics of Bash scripting, the 
secret to automating anything About Dwayne McDaniel Developer Advocate  Dwayne has been working 
in tech and open source since 2005. Once he dipped a toe into the world of Free and Open Source 
Software, he knew never wanted to work outside of it again. Dwayne first started building in 
Drupal and WordPress for the San Francisco Improv community in 2013, which lead him to his 
current role. As a Developer Advocate at Pantheon he has had the privilege of presenting at 
dozens of community events from Paris to Iceland and from MIT and Stanford. Reach out at 
mcdwayne.com or on twitter @mcdwayne You can see some of my talks recorded here: 
http://wordpress.tv/speakers/dwayne-mcdaniel/ As well as some of my DrupalCamp talks: Texas 
Camp: https://youtu.be/AFEcZ2g2Juk Design4Drupal: https://youtu.be/1r2AoaO9dME Full list of my 
talks is available at mcdwayne.com
